Remove history prefix and move MAP template (#5)
modelica/MA-Bylaws: MA-Bylaws.md

(MAP). The organizational structure and the rules of each MAP can be
determined independently by this project, as long as they are compliant
with the MA Bylaws, especially with the rules defined in § 22 and § 23.
A set of MAP rules is recommended in the provided 
[MA-Project-Template](MA-Project-Template.md) (this template is not

> part of the MA-Bylaws).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
part of the MA Bylaws).
```

It is called MA Bylawaas (w/o the dash) elsewhere.

standard according to § 2.

MAPs must make the results of the project work publicly available on the

> web under an open source license that is listed at <http://www.opensource.org/licenses>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
web under an open source license approved by the Open Source Initiative, see <http://www.opensource.org/licenses>.
```

Author: Decision at the MA board meeting on Jan. 20:

*MAPs must make the results of the project work publicly available on the web under an open source license (usually an open source license approved by the Open Source Initiative, see <http://www.opensource.org/licenses>).*

Reviewer 2: added in https://github.com/modelica/MA-Bylaws/pull/5/commits/5408f0bc3e2c24687bef79c21f1f28ea7bf7f7f3
